# Its Hackathon Time!

DevFest NYC, our signature 2-day developer conference, happens Dec 2-3, 2017 at Galvanize NYC. As part of DevFestNYC, we will host a 1-day hackathon (Firebase AppFest) on Dec 3. AppFest will be limited to 100-125 participants so apply now to receive an invite.

### REQUIREMENTS:

1. A team can be 2-4 people. Individuals or larger teams may be allowed at our discretion.
2. Teams must build and demo a mobile or web application that uses Firebase for the back end.
3. The app MUST use the Cloud Functions feature of Firebase to qualify for the prize.
4. Teams can form and collaborate on ideas/design beforehand BUT cannot write ANY code prior to Dec 3 (Hack day)
5. You agree to honor the Code Of Conduct posted for this event.

### PROCESS:

1. Fill in this CFP to be added to our applicants database
2. Invites will be sent to selected candidates on a revolving basis till spots are filled
3. Accepted candidates will be invited into a Slack team for follow up communications
4. Participants will be invited to a FirebaseCamp meetup (Nov 6) for training
5. Participants will start hacking at AppFest (Dec 3) at 9am EST
6. Participants will demo to judges at 5pm. Winners will be announced at 6pm.

The judging team comprises Google Firebase engineers + Firebase experts


### INCENTIVES:

1. Participants get Firebase swag (t-shirts, stickers & more)
2. Participants get a free ticket to AppFest & discounted tickets to DevFest
3. Winning team members will receive cash/prizes. Details will be shared on invite.
4. Teams that present apps for judging may receive other swag/benefits

### IMPORTANT DATES:

1. Sat / Sep 23 -- CFP opens
2. Mon / Nov 6 -- FirebaseCamp (optional training event)
3. Mon / Nov 20 -- CFP closes (may close earlier if all spots are filled)
4. Sat / Dec 2 -- DevFest NYC (developer conference)
5. Sun / Dec 3 -- Firebase AppFest (hackathon)

**READY TO APPLY?** Just [fill in the form](https://bit.ly/appfestNY-cfp-2017) and you should receive an invite if you application is selected. Invites will be sent on a rolling basis till all spots are filled.
